docs(contributing): add details regarding version and component name (#445)
bonitasoft/bonita-documentation-site: docs/content/CONTRIBUTING.adoc

* not portable, such links cannot work if we want to generate the documentation in PDF format

The general form of a xref is `xref:<version>@<component_name>:<module>:<page>#anchor` and some elements are optional (version, module and anchor).

> <version> is the name of the branch in which the PR will be merged and <component_name> can be found in the 'antora.xml' file of the required component under the parameter 'name'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<version> is the name of the target branch (if we let it empty, it will take the default branch) and <component_name> can be found in the 'antora.xml' file of the required component under the parameter 'name'.
```
